welcome to the LPS resort if you come
here you can relax at the spa gym
cafeteria or just chill in the lounging
room for only $50 a night Wow
oMG I am totally calling that spa like
right now baby big big feet hi I would
like to schedule an appointment for 3:30
p.m. yes that would be a great time can
I please have your name um yeah my name
is Priscilla okay Priscilla see you at
3:30 bye hi are you Priscilla yes um
okay follow me into this room please
okay sit down here and Rachel will come
and fix you up okay
hi so what would you like done to you
today um I don't know I just want to get
clean and yeah we'll see after that okay
get into this bathtub okay what kind of
shampoo would you like strawberry or
vanilla um strawberry please
okay and would you like a rubber duck or
a rubber boat um a rubber duck please
and blue raspberry or lemon soap um
lemon
five minutes later okay follow me into
this chair now okay so would you like
your hair dyed or anything like that um
yeah I would like to be purple have
light blue eyes and pink bows and um a
dark purple head and ears and make sure
they're fluffy and a pink bow on the
side of my head okay just a second okay
first we're gonna blow dry you
and now we're just gonna brush your hair
okay ready for the dye um yeah just and
would you like any perfume yes
and would you like pink nail polish or
purple
um pink please okay I'm gonna style your
hair now okay you're done
would you like to see yourself um yeah
well I look so much better thank you
you're welcome
now just go out and pay Thanks
thank you bye well you look good
Thanks that would be fifty dollars okay
thank you for coming come again bye bye
ah that was the best day ever comment
rate subscribe thank you all PS resort